feat(standards): pay transaction fees from the auth procedure (#3298)
0xMiden/protocol: docs/src/transaction.md

   `Transaction` scripts are an optional piece of code defined by the executor which interacts with account methods after all notes have been executed. For example, `Transaction` scripts can be used to sign the `Transaction` (e.g., sign the transaction by incrementing the nonce of the account, without which, the transaction would fail), to mint tokens from a faucet, create notes, or modify account storage. `Transaction` scripts can also invoke methods of foreign accounts to read their state.
4. **Epilogue**
   Completes the execution, resulting in an updated account state and a generated zero-knowledge proof. The validity of the resulting transaction is ensured by a combination of user-defined and protocol-defined checks:

>    - The account's [authentication procedure](account/code#authentication) is called to authorize the transaction. As part of authorization, the procedure pays the transaction fee by creating a public BATCH_FEE note funded from the account's vault with the payment asset committed via the auth args, before the transaction summary is created so the fee payment is covered by the signature. See [Fees](fees.md).

Author: ```suggestion
   - The account's [authentication procedure](account/code#authentication) is called to authorize the transaction. As part of authorization, the procedure pays the transaction fee by creating a public BATCH_FEE note funded from the account's vault, in any asset of the user's choosing. Note that the payment asset & its conversion rate to the native fee asset are user-supplied (via the auth args). The client software is responsible for choosing the right asset & conversion rate. Enforcement only happens at the batch builder end: if the user provided a conversion rate which underpays the batch builder for executing this transaction, it will be rejected. See [Fees](fees.md).
```
